feat: add documentation for `setCookies` (#153)
tailcallhq/tailcallhq.github.io: docs/operators/server.md

}
```

### setCookies

> Activating the `setCookies` configuration directs Tailcall to send [set-cookie] headers in its responses which were received from the graphql request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the `setCookies` option instructs Tailcall to include `set-cookie` headers in its responses, which are obtained from the headers of upstream responses.
```

I think you misunderstood the requirement
